Envs for token info export to Multichain (#41)
blockscout/docs: setup/env-variables/backend-envs-integrations.mdx

| `MICROSERVICE_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_API_KEY`                                          | Multichain Search Service API key. Implemented in [#11139](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/11139)                                                                                                                                                 | Version: v6.10.0\+ <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API, Indexer |
| `MICROSERVICE_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_ADDRESSES_CHUNK_SIZE`                             | Chunk size of addresses while exporting to Multichain Search DB. Implemented in [#12377](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12377)                                                                                                                   | Version: v8.1.0\+ <br />Default: 7000 <br />Applications: API, Indexer     |

> | `MICROSERVICE_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_TOKEN_INFO_CHUNK_SIZE`                            | Chunk size of token info while exporting to Multichain Search DB. Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867)                                                                                                                  | Version: master\+ <br />Default: 1000 <br />Applications: Indexer          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MICROSERVICE_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_TOKEN_INFO_CHUNK_SIZE`                            | Chunk size of token info while exporting to Multichain Search DB. Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867)                                                                                                                  | Version: v9.0.0\+ <br />Default: 1000 <br />Applications: Indexer          |
```

| `INDEXER_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_BALANCES_QUEUE_MAX_QUEUE_SIZE`               | Maximum size of multichain DB balances export queue. Implemented in [#12580](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12580).                                                                                                                              | Version: v9.0.0\+<br />Default: `1000`<br />Applications: Indexer          |
| `INDEXER_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_BALANCES_QUEUE_INIT_QUERY_LIMIT`             | Limit of the init query for processing the balances export queue to the Multichain DB. Implemented in [#12822](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12822).                                                                                            | Version: v9.0.0\+<br />Default: `1000` <br />Applications: Indexer         |

> | `INDEXER_DISABLE_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_TOKEN_INFO_QUEUE_FETCHER`              | If `true`, multichain DB token info export fetcher doesn't run. Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867).                                                                                                                 | Version: master\+<br />Default: `false`<br />Applications: Indexer         |
> | `INDEXER_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_TOKEN_INFO_QUEUE_BATCH_SIZE`                   | Batch size for multichain DB token info export fetcher. Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867).                                                                                                                         | Version: master\+<br />Default: `1000`<br />Applications: Indexer          |
> | `INDEXER_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_TOKEN_INFO_QUEUE_CONCURRENCY`                  | Concurrency for multichain DB token info export fetcher. Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867).                                                                                                                        | Version: master\+<br />Default: `10`<br />Applications: Indexer            |
> | `INDEXER_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_TOKEN_INFO_QUEUE_ENQUEUE_BUSY_WAITING_TIMEOUT` | Timeout before new attempt to append item to multichain DB token info export queue if it's full. [Time format](backend-env-variables.md#time-format). Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867).                           | Version: master\+<br />Default: `1s`<br />Applications: Indexer            |
> | `INDEXER_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_TOKEN_INFO_QUEUE_MAX_QUEUE_SIZE`               | Maximum size of multichain DB token info export queue. Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867).                                                                                                                          | Version: master\+<br />Default: `1000`<br />Applications: Indexer          |
> | `INDEXER_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_TOKEN_INFO_QUEUE_INIT_QUERY_LIMIT`             | Limit of the init query for processing the token info export queue to the Multichain DB. Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867).                                                                                        | Version: master\+<br />Default: `1000` <br />Applications: Indexer         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `INDEXER_DISABLE_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_TOKEN_INFO_QUEUE_FETCHER`              | If `true`, multichain DB token info export fetcher doesn't run. Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867).                                                                                                                 | Version: v9.0.0\+<br />Default: `false`<br />Applications: Indexer         |
| `INDEXER_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_TOKEN_INFO_QUEUE_BATCH_SIZE`                   | Batch size for multichain DB token info export fetcher. Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867).                                                                                                                         | Version: v9.0.0\+<br />Default: `1000`<br />Applications: Indexer          |
| `INDEXER_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_TOKEN_INFO_QUEUE_CONCURRENCY`                  | Concurrency for multichain DB token info export fetcher. Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867).                                                                                                                        | Version: v9.0.0\+<br />Default: `10`<br />Applications: Indexer            |
| `INDEXER_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_TOKEN_INFO_QUEUE_ENQUEUE_BUSY_WAITING_TIMEOUT` | Timeout before new attempt to append item to multichain DB token info export queue if it's full. [Time format](backend-env-variables.md#time-format). Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867).                           | Version: v9.0.0\+<br />Default: `1s`<br />Applications: Indexer            |
| `INDEXER_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_TOKEN_INFO_QUEUE_MAX_QUEUE_SIZE`               | Maximum size of multichain DB token info export queue. Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867).                                                                                                                          | Version: v9.0.0\+<br />Default: `1000`<br />Applications: Indexer          |
| `INDEXER_MULTICHAIN_SEARCH_DB_EXPORT_TOKEN_INFO_QUEUE_INIT_QUERY_LIMIT`             | Limit of the init query for processing the token info export queue to the Multichain DB. Implemented in [#12867](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12867).                                                                                        | Version: v9.0.0\+<br />Default: `1000` <br />Applications: Indexer         |
```
